Group NAH2 Minutes of Meeting:

GAVIN BAILEY
TYRONE LEE BRAMWELL
CHAK YAN LAM
THOMAS LETHEBY
MATHEW JAMES LLOYD
JAKE DARYL PLUMLEY
CHUN KIT SO
------------------------------------
Date: 21 March 2014
Start time: 10:00
End time: 11:00

Date and Time of next meeting: 26 March 2014, 10:00


Topics discussed:
—-The progress of each team member with the tasks that they had been assigned in the previous meeting.
—-Decided that the game window would look more professional to replace the new game button which we were going to add to the games side bar and add a new game button to the menu bar instead.
—- Clarified with Chak Yan Lam what animation that we wanted to include in each of the games. 
—-Came to the decision that we should not actually merge the classes GUI.java and coordinate.java

 
Progress since last meeting:
—- Save and load functions have now been completed by Gavin
—- Steady progress is being made with both AI’s by Tyrone and Mathew. Easy AI has been completed and hard AI still remains. 
—- JMenu has now been implemented and is near to be fully functioning by Jake.
—- The starting class for both games has now been changed to ChooseGame.java and Dialog.java has been deleted. Also a timer feature has been implemented so it can be seen whilst playing both games. All of this was completed by Thomas. 
—- Chun has implemented available move in Othello and fixed all features meaning that now black always go first.
—- Chak developed a feature which highlights the winning pieces with stars when the game is finished. Also Chak has added animation so that when a position is selected the piece will drop down from the top of the board.  

 

TODO (for next meeting):
-- Gavin: To make the game boards are bigger and to begin testing of the save and load classes.
-- Tyrone: Continue implementing the hard AI features for A5.
-- Chak: Continue implementing features in connectFour, such as making feedback clearer.
-- Thomas: Implement a pass turn feature.
-- Mathew: Continue implementing the hard AI features for A5.
-- Jake: To fix the window size and to ensure that the minutes are formatted correctly.
-- Chun: To fix the end game scenario.