Group NAH2 Minutes of Meeting:

GAVIN BAILEY
TYRONE LEE BRAMWELL
CHAK YAN LAM
THOMAS LETHEBY
MATHEW JAMES LLOYD
JAKE DARYL PLUMLEY
CHUN KIT SO
------------------------------------
Date: 26 March 2014
Start time: 10:00
End time: 14:00

Date and Time of next meeting: 27 March 2014, 11:00


Topics discussed:
—- Tyrone to do screen capture of the two games again since he did it well last time.
—- All individually assigned tasks are now completed. 
—- The tests required for all of the new classes created.
—- The completion of the group report.  
 
Progress since last meeting:
—- Tyrone and Mathew have now both completed all classes required for the AI’s in both games.
—- All minutes have been checked and the game window sizes are now unavailable for the user to resize. This was done by Jake
—-There is now a fully functioning pass turn feature in Othello created by Thomas so that the game can now be played to completion even if a player cannot make a move. When the players turn is passed over a message box is displayed just to inform the players.
—- Gavin has now completed test classes for all classes that are required to save and load the two games. Also Gavin has created a larger game board which is now easier to see and play.
—- Chak has now created a drop down list in the game window of connect four for the user to choose which background they prefer for the game. Also there has been a slider implemented to select the speed of the falling pieces.
—- Chun has implemented similar features to the game of Othello so there are different backgrounds that the user can select and they can also use a slider to select the speed that the counters flip.
 

TODO (for next meeting):
—-All to write a paragraph on how each member has contributed to the assignment for the group report.
—-Tyrone to complete a screen capture demo showing the running of both games.
—-Mathew and Tyrone to complete test cases for all AI classes
—-Thomas to thoroughly test the counter class
—-Jake and Gavin to finish off the group report.
—-Chak and Chun to test all of the animations they have produced for connect four and Othello  
